Puppet Reviewboard
==================

Manage an install of [Reviewboard](http://www.reviewboard.org)

To install include the package 'reviewboard' in your manifest

Optionally you can install the RBtool package for submitting reviews by
including 'reviewboard::rbtool'

**Note** this module now only supports ReviewBoard 2.x.

Pre-Requisites
--------------

**Note** this branch currently relies on a module, coxmediagroup/virtualenv,
that is not yet available to the public. We're working on fixing that.

Also, note any TODO comments. Currently, I haven't written spec or acceptance
tests for db or web providers other than the default two.

The modules available are listed below in the 'Usage' section, pull requests to
support other providers are welcome.

Additionally the following optional prerequisites may be installed:

 * memcached & python-memcached for website caching
 * python bindings for your database (if not installed by the dbprovider)

**Note** That the database providers do not support anything other than 'localhost'.

**Note** This module requires "nodejs" and "npm" packages to be available via the default
package provider on your OS; they are installed via [puppetlabs-nodejs](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/puppetlabs/nodejs).
On RedHat derivative systems, this generally means enabling EPEL.

**Note** the postgresql module needs a functional Augeas provider, which no longer seems to
be a safe assumption with any given Puppet installation.

**Note** ReviewBoard 2.x doesn't seem to support Python < 2.7, as djblets.extensions.staticfiles
attempts to import ``importlib``.

**Note** This module requires puppetlabs-postgresql >= 4.0.0. This is because puppetlabs-apache
requires puppetlabs-concat >= 1.1.1, but there is a bug in older versions of puppetlabs-postgresql
when used with the newer (>= 1.0.0) versions of concat.

**TODO** - DO NOT SHIP - need full examples of how to use this, along with all dependencies.

Usage
-----

Create a reviewboard site based at '/var/www/reviewboard', available at ${::fqdn}/reviewboard:

    reviewboard::site {'/var/www/reviewboard':
        vhost    => "${::fqdn}",
        location => '/reviewboard'
    }

Setup LDAP Authentication for the site, authenticating against ``ldap://foo.example.com:389``
(clear text, non-SSL) and looking for users under the base DN ``ou=people,dc=example,dc=com``
with a user mask of ``samaccountname=%s`` (Active Directory):

    reviewboard::site::ldap {'/var/www/reviewboard':
	    uri      => 'ldap://foo.example.com:389',
		basedn   => 'ou=people,dc=example,dc=com',
		usermask => 'samaccountname=%s'
	}

You can change the review board version installed with the 'version' argument to the
reviewboard class. Acceptable values for the version argument look like '1.7.20' or
'2.0rc1'. You can find a catalog of versions at:

http://downloads.reviewboard.org/releases/ReviewBoard/.

You can change how the sites are configured with the 'provider' arguments to the reviewboard class. 

**webprovider**:
  * *puppetlabs/apache*: Use puppetlabs/apache to create an Apache vhost
  * *simple*: Copy the apache config file generated by reviewboard & set up a basic Apache server
  * *none*: No web provisioning is done

**dbprovider**:
  * *puppetlabs/postgresql*: Use the puppetlabs/postgresql module to create database tables & install bindings
  * *none*: No DB provisioning is done (note a database is required for the install to work)

The default settings are
    
    class reviewboard {
        version     => '1.7.24',
        webprovider => 'puppetlabs/apache',
        dbprovider  => 'puppetlabs/postgresql'
    }

To use a custom web provider set the 'webuser' parameter & subscribe the web
service to `reviewboard::provider::web<||>`:

    class reviewboard {
        webprovider => 'none',
        webuser     => 'apache',
    }
    Reviewboard::Provider::Web<||> ~> Service['apache']

You will then need to manually configure your web server, Reviewboard generates
an example Apache config file in ${site}/conf/apache-wsgi.conf.

Other Features
--------------

 * **RBTool**: Reviewboard command-line interface. To install:

        include reviewboard::rbtool

 * **Trac integration**: The [traclink](https://github.com/ScottWales/reviewboard-trac-link) Reviewboard plugin posts a notice on a Trac ticket whenever the 'Bug' field is set in a review. To install:

        package {trac: } # Make sure Trac is installed via Puppet
        include reviewboard::traclink

    There is also some setup required in your site's `trac.ini`:

        [ticket-custom]
        reviews = text
        reviews.format = wiki
        [interwiki]
        review = //reviewboard/r/

Testing
-------

Integration tests make use of [serverspec](http://serverspec.org) to check the module is applied properly on a Vagrant VM.

To setup tests

    $ gem install bundler
    $ bundle install --path vendor

To run the syntax, lint and rspec tests:

    $ bundle exec rake test

To run the beaker/serverspec integration tests:

    $ BEAKER_destroy=no bundle exec rake acceptance

To run again without re-provisioning the vm:

    $ BEAKER_destroy=no BEAKER_provision=no bundle exec rake acceptance

For more information on running the integration/acceptance tests, see [How to Write a Beaker Test for a Module](https://github.com/puppetlabs/beaker/wiki/How-to-Write-a-Beaker-Test-for-a-Module).

**Note** that ``spec_helper_acceptance.rb`` currently forces Puppet installation to 3.6.2, as I couldn't figure out how to get facts and fixture modules working right with ``puppet apply`` in 3.7.x.

Use `vagrant destroy` to stop the test VM.

